c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\bin\Debug\BaseWPF.exe.config
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\BaseWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\BaseWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\BaseWPF.g.resources
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\BaseWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\BaseWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\bin\Debug\BaseWPF.exe
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\bin\Debug\BaseWPF.pdb
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\BaseWPF.exe
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\BaseWPF.pdb
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\BaseWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\StudentsView.g.cs
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\StudentsView.baml
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\omar.abassi.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Dictionary\View_ViewModelDictionnary.baml
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\CustomerView.baml
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\OrderView.baml
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\CustomerView.g.cs
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\OrderView.g.cs
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Layout.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\bin\Debug\WPFToolkit.dll
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Theme\GenericThem.baml
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\AddEditCustomerView.baml
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\AddEditCustomerView.g.cs
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\HeaderPageView.baml
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\NavigatorView.baml
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\HeaderPageView.g.cs
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Views\NavigatorView.g.cs
C:\Users\Omar.ABASSI.ext\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BaseWPF\BaseWPF\obj\Debug\Dictionary\Main.baml
